>> Richard Feldman: Which brings us to
the exercise in localForaging, Part 9.
>> Richard Feldman: All right.
>> Richard Feldman: Okay, so if we look
at intro/server/public/index.html.
We can see how the localForage ports
are hooked up on the JavaScript side.
So this is the one time where we
actually need to dive out of port 9 and
into server.
Because this index.html file
lives in the server, and
is not particular to any
one of these exercises.
So inside the public directory,
we can open up, yeah, index.html.
And inside of here,
we can see a bunch of random stuff,
that's just like the fav icon,
and the fonts.
And the style sheet, and
all that good stuff, here's the script
importing localForage, and elm.js.
Which is our compiled Elm code,
I put a little.
[LAUGH] A little welcome here,
in case people looked into
this earlier on the exercises.
>> Richard Feldman: But
basically, on the Elm side,
all we're gonna need to do is make
changes to stuff on the part9 directory.
This is really just for
our reference, so we can see in here.
We're doing initially,
localforage.getItems ("session").
And we're using that to kick-off
this initial flags value we're
passing into Elm.
Saying, okay,
this is the initial section value,
then we're setting up a subscription here.
Sorry, we're doing
app.ports.storeSession.subcribe,
which is to say.
Every time Elm sends us a command
through a port-named store session.
We wanna run this function
that receives the new session,
and sets it in localForage.
And then, finally,
after we get the new session,
we're going to just call,
app.ports.onSessionChange.
And send the new session to that,
such that,
it will now receive that session
through the subscription.
And can update things accordingly, so
the critical thing here is the two names.
storeSession and onSessionChange,
those are the two things that
need to line up on the Elm side.
With whatever they are going
to be on the JavaScript side.
Okay, so that's all we need
to do on the JavaScript side,
that's already all done for us.
We just need to remember the names, so
the exercise is to add
the corresponding ports to Session.elm.
>> Richard Feldman: Okay.
>> Richard Feldman: So we have
a pair of TODOS in here, first one,
is we're going to send
a session to JavaScript.
So, this is sort of a do-nothing command,
that is sort of wired up
to not be interesting.
What we wanna do is replace this
with a port, so define the port, and
then call it from this function.
Such that, it actually sends
that token out to JavaScript.
The other thing we need to do is do
the same thing on the reverse side.
Bringing data in from JavaScript,
via this subscription, which is,
receiveSessionFromJavaScript.
Once we've got both of those implemented,
everything should work, and
we should once again be able to sign up.